c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\MyFirstApp.exe.config
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.g.resources
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\MyFirstApp.exe
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\MyFirstApp.pdb
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.exe
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.pdb
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFirstAppSln\MyFirstApp\obj\Debug\MyFirstApp.csproj.App.config
